well howdy there internet people let's
go again
hopefully this isn't going to become an
all the time thing because I have some
other stuff I'd like to talk about but
we are going to talk about over there
again we're going to talk about it
because the president has bumbled his
way into a golden moment for himself in
his re-election campaign if he's smart
he can win 2020 in a landslide so
tonight we're going to talk about what
he could do if he was smart we're gonna
talk about what he's probably gonna do
we're gonna talk about reactions
responses victory conditions and the
unwinnable I'm also gonna get a little
travel advisory since that last video
pretty much everything contained in that
video has come to pass or concrete signs
have appeared showing that they will
come to pass the most important of which
is the decision by Iran to use rockets
in Iraq that was kind of a signal from
them saying yep you're right
Iraq is the battleground for the proxy
war people are talking about that saying
I look it was completely ineffective
Iran is not the United States they don't
do shock-and-awe they degrade and
demoralize that's the first of many that
is the first of many now because the
president has so few options what he's
going to want to do is do tit for tat
and go back and forth with them which is
basically playing into their hands
that's how they roll that's what they
plan on that's what they count on they
don't care
they'll succeed they'll win that way
using that strategy is unwinnable his
Twitter threat I mean despite being
illegal that whole targeting of
locations of cultural significance aside
from that it's playing into their hands
they have the initial
in that case that's an unwinnable
strategy fighting the proxy war in a
more sustained fashion in Iraq is
unwinnable we've got more than a decade
and a half of animosity directed towards
the United States they're the local
populace will not be on our side and in
very short order if the Iraqi government
will ask us to leave if it gets hot so
that gets seen as an Iranian victory
more importantly what are the victory
conditions to make Iran stop
they won't there's no way to win it that
way it's unwinnable moving into a rod
going directly there and it'll Lions Den
is unwinnable our own war games show
that people are talking a whole lot in
various comment sections about how
low-tech they are and how it'll be over
super fast and all that yellow ribbon
and flag waving stuff the reality is in
our own war games we lose maybe if we
were willing to commit a quarter of a
century to attempting to pacify it maybe
but probably not probably end up like
Iraq or Afghanistan so that's also
unwinnable and Iran has forced
projection capabilities in a very
different way the US has they built
ability to put its forces wherever at
once anywhere in the world in 24 hours
Iran has proxy forces everywhere proxy
forces everywhere so it's going to be
real hard to predict them because it's
multiple networks multiple chains our
intelligence isn't that good now a
travel advisory while we're on this
topic a travel advisory that should have
gone out that I have not seen is that if
you are an American citizen if you are
if you are a westerner that can be
mistaken for American as citizen stay
away from any property
associated with the Trump brand because
just as the president wants to attack
culturally significant targets symbolic
targets what do you think would really
send a message from their side as we've
said before we speak the same language
we think the same way the u.s. and Iran
are a whole lot alike I think this is
horrible I think the president's threat
was horrible I don't support it in any
way shape or form because I remember
what it was like when it was our
buildings of cultural significance that
came tumbling down so he can't win tit
for tat can't win on the ground in Iraq
can't win and Iran he's in an unwinnable
situation because he reacted instead of
responded so what's his golden moment
what can he do he can lose in his own
way he can choose the victory conditions
in hindsight one of the good things
about having no plan is that nobody can
tell you that your plan was wrong he
could walk out tomorrow and say our plan
was to eliminate Iran's stranglehold on
Iraq we feel we have done that with the
elimination of Soleimani we're leaving
and pull all of our troops home ticker
tape parades the whole nine yards we
want it's over God Emperor Trump 2020
and he'd win you know I know the
military establishment knows that that's
not what happened that he got beat but
his base they only believe what he says
he would win in a landslide but he's
probably not going to do that
he's probably not gonna do that and it's
sad because it's the best thing for him
it's the best thing for our troops and
it's the best thing for our foreign
policy but he won't do it because his
ego will be in the way what he's
probably gonna do is engage in the
tit-for-tat strategy because I'm sure he
understands that politically sending a
whole bunch of troops to Iraq is just
not it's going to hurt him in the polls
and that's what he cares about them out
the American lives his poll numbers I'm
certain his advisors will tell him that
going into Iran is a horrible idea and
he will also understand that that will
drag on and it will hurt him in the
polls the tit-for-tat thing I don't
think that he believes we can lose I
think he believes that he can out
escalate them caused more damage but
he's thinking like an American Iran
doesn't care that's not how they look at
it it's not about who can inflict the
most who wins who can take the most they
are steadfast in their ideology in fact
every attack will make them cling to it
more so that will be a losing
proposition form but I think that's
around he's going to take and that's
what we need to be ready for I would be
careful traveling I don't believe that
Iran or any of their proxies will make a
hit against civilians in the United
States I don't foresee that happening
yet the longer this drags on it becomes
more and more likely but again I could
be wrong it's really hard to read how
how angry they are
about soleimani there there unlike our
president they understand what
operational security is and they're not
really telegraphing very much it's it's
rhetoric that is very similar to what
they've said for a very long time so we
don't know there's a whole lot we don't
know we don't know what their plan is
because they won't tell us we don't know
what the president's plan is cuz he
doesn't have one
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night